
Q.1 What’s difference between Synchronous and Asynchronous?

Ans:- There is some difference between Synchronous and Asynchronous which are mentioned below.

  ->Synchronous  :-The time interval of transmission is constant.
  ->Asynchronous :- the time interval of transmission is not constant, it is random.   
  ->Synchronous  :-happens at the same time.
  ->Asynchronous :- it's doesn't happen at the same time. 
  ->theclocking is derived from the data in synchronous transmission and it is absent in asynchronous transmission.

Q.2 What are Web Apis ?

Ans:- Actually API stands for application programming interface—a set of definitions and protocols to build and integrate application software.
      There are 4 type of API
      1.public
      2.privet
      3.partner
      4.composite

Q.3 Explain SetTimeOut and setInterval ?

Ans:-SetTimeout actually allows us to run a function once after the interval of time. 
     SetInterval allows us to run a function repeatedly, starting after the interval of time, then repeating continuously at that interval.

Q.4 how can you handle Async code in JavaScript ?

Ans:-To handle the asynchronous data or code in JavaScript,we use promises or callbacks which helps users easily fetch responses or data from the API with ease.


Q.5 What are Callbacks &  Callback Hell ?

Ans:-The callback function passed is used to sum up the elements of the array. After 2 seconds have passed, 
    the sum of the array is printed which is 9.
   ->Callback Hell:- Callback Hell is essentially nested callbacks stacked below one another forming a pyramid structure.



Q.6 What are Promises & Explain Some Three Methods of Promise?

Ans:- A Promise is an object representing the eventual completion or failure of an asynchronous operation.
    ->There are three method of Promises which is mentioning below.
     1.pending: the promise is still in the works.
     2.fulfilled: the promise resolves successfully and returns a value.
     3.rejected: the promise fails with an error.

Q.7 What’s async & await Keyword in JavaScript?

Ans:-Async Keyword:- We use the async keyword with a function to represent that the function is an asynchronous function. 
    The async function returns a promise.
    ->Await Keyword:-await is usually used to unwrap promises by passing a Promise as the expression.

Q.8 Explain Purpose of Try and Catch Block & Why do we need it?

Ans:-The Purpose of try is try statement allows you to define a block of code to be tested for errors while it is being executed.
     And The catch statement allows you to define a block of code to be executed, if an error occurs in the try block.

     -> Why do we need it?

     Because, It is possible to have a try block without a catch block by using a final block.
     As we know, a final block will always execute even there is an exception occurred in a try block, except System.




Q.9 Explain fetch?

Ans:-The fetch() method in JavaScript is used to request data from a server. 
The request can be of any type of API that returns the data in JSON or XML. 
The fetch() method requires one parameter, the URL to request, and returns a promise.



Q.10 How do you define an asynchronous function in JavaScript using async/await?

Ans:-DEfine by using Async keybord,
     An asynchronous JavaScript function can be created with the async keyword before the function name, 
     or before () when using the arrow function syntax. An async function returns a promise.
 -:> Define by using await,
     1.Add the async keyword to our function. Adding the async keyword makes a function asynchronous. ...
     2.Add the await keyword to the promise. 
     3.Return the value.
     4.Add error handling.

<--------------------------------------The End------------------------------------------------------------>






