
Q.1 Explain Hoisting in JavaScript

Ans:- Hoisting in JavaScript is a behavior in which a function or a variable can be used before declaration.

Q.2 Explain Temporal Dead Zone?

Ans:-A temporal dead zone is the area of a block where a variable is inaccessible until the moment the computer completely initializes it with a value.

Q.3 Difference between var & let?

Ans:- The difference between let and var is in the scope of the variables they create: 
->Variables declared by let are only available inside the block where they're defined. 
->Variables declared by var are available throughout the function in which they're declared.
->var” is faster than “let” inside loops while running or executing code.
->var is older version than let.

Q.4 What are the major features introduced in ECMAScript 6?

Ans:- I am mentioning below the major features introduced in ECMAScript 6.

1.let and const Keywords
2.Arrow Functions
3.Multi-line Strings
4.Default Parameters
5.Template Literals
6.Destructuring Assignment
7.Enhanced Object Literals
8.Promises
9.Classes
10.Modules

Q.5 What is the difference between let and const ?

Ans:-let create variables that can be reassigned another value. whereas const creates "constant" variables that cannot be reassigned another value.

Q.6  What is template literals in ES6 and how do you use them?

Ans:-Template literals are the string literals and allow embedded expressions.
     ->The use of the string literal enables the creation of multiline strings free of backslashes.
    Syntex:- `string text`

Q.7 What’s difference between map & forEach?

Ans:- There is quite difference between map & forEach which are mentined below.

      #forEach:-The forEach() method does not returns a new array based on the given array. 
      #map:-The map() method returns an entirely new array. 
      #forEach:-The forEach() method returns “undefined“. 
      #map:-The map() method returns the newly created array according to the provided callback function.


Q.8 How can you destructure objects and arrays in ES6?

Ans:-Destructuring object and Arrays in JavaScript, we use the square brackets [] to store the variable name
which will be assigned to the name of the array storing the element.

for example:-

var arr = ["Hello", "World"]
// destructuring assignment.
var [first, second] = arr;
console.log(first); // Hello.
console.log(second); // World.

Q.9 How can you define default parameter values in ES6 functions?

Ans:-Function parameters with default values are initialized with default values if they contain no value or are undefined.

Q.10 What is the purpose of the spread operator (...) in ES6?

Ans:-The Purpose of the spread operator is An object creates a memory in a heap because the value is defined in a heap so if we copy 
the original object into the temporary object and do some changes then it will also reflect in the original object 
the same reason for the array as Array is also behaving as the object.

<----------------------------------The End----------------------------------->







