Q.1 What’s Constructor And Its Purpose?

Ans:-A constructor is like an instance method that usually has the same name as the class, 
    and can be used to set the values of the members of an object, either to default or to user-defined values.
->The main purpose of a constructor is to initialize the instance variables of a class.


Q.2 Explain This Keyword and Its Purpose?

Ans:-Keywords are reserved words that are part of the syntax in the programming language.
   For example, const a = 'hello'; Here, const is a keyword that denotes that a is a constant.


Q.3 What’s Call Apply Bind Method & Difference Between them.

Ans:-All three of the call, bind, and apply methods set the this argument to the function.

call: binds the this value, invokes the function, and allows you to pass a list of arguments.

apply: binds the this value, invokes the function, and allows you to pass arguments as an array.

bind: binds the this value, returns a new function, and allows you to pass in a list of arguments.


Q.4 Explain OOPS ? 

Ans:-Object-Oriented Programming is a programming style based on classes and objects. These group data (properties) and methods (actions) inside a box.
    OOP was developed to make code more flexible and easier to maintain.

Q.5 Whats Abstraction and Its Purpose?

Ans:-Abstraction (from the Latin abs, meaning away from and trahere , meaning to draw) is the process of taking away or removing 
   characteristics from something in order to reduce it to a set of essential characteristics.

 Purpose:-Abstraction is used to hide background details or any unnecessary implementation about the data so that users only see the required information.


Q.6 Whats Polymorphism and Purpose of it?

Ans:-Polymorphism means the same function with different signatures is called many times and Polymorphism is one of the most important concepts in OOP.
It describes the ability of something to have or to be displayed in more than one form. 
The different forms arise because these entities can be assigned different meanings and used in various ways in multiple contexts.


Q.7  Whats Inheritance and Purpose of it?

Ans:-Inheritance enables you to define a class that takes all the functionality from a parent class and allows you to add more.
Purpose:-Using class inheritance, a class can inherit all the methods and properties of another class. Inheritance is a useful feature that allows code reusability

 

Q.8 Whats Encapsulation and Purpose of it ?

Ans:-Encapsulation brings together data and the methods which operate on data in a single unit.
Purpose:-It allows controlling access to the unit. Encapsulation in javascript is achieved using closures or using private fields.

Q.9 Explain Class in JavaScript?

Ans:-A JavaScript class is a type of function. Classes are declared with the class keyword.
     We will use function expression syntax to initialize a function and class expression syntax to initialize a class.

Q.10 What’s Super Keyword & What it does?

Ans:-The super keyword refers to superclass (parent) objects. It is used to call superclass methods, and to access the superclass constructor.

